doc: nrf_modem: improve GNSS interface assistance doc (#907)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_modem/doc/gnss_interface.rst

A-GPS data
**********

You can use GNSS assistance data to shorten TTFF and decrease GNSS power consumption.
See :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_agps` and :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_pgps` for information how to obtain assistance data from :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` to be used with the nRF9160 SiP.

> Determining what assistance data GNSS needs
> ===========================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determining the assistance data needed by GNSS
==============================================
```

The GNSS interface has two methods for getting the current GNSS assistance data need.

A-GPS data need event
---------------------

> GNSS requests A-GPS data when GNSS is started for the first time or it determines that the existing data will soon be stale.

Reviewer 2: I'd probably use `outdated` instead of `stale`. I guess `stale` is correct also because @peknis let it be there. My dictionary says it's like outdated but for food. You can decide whether to change or keep it.

Author: We can change the wording here, I'm not sure why `stale` was selected in the first place. We could also say `that the existing data will expire soon`. @peknis?

Reviewer: Fine with your suggestion, @tokangas.

Author: Updated.

> GNSS requests A-GPS data when GNSS is started for the first time or it determines that the existing data is going to go stale soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GNSS requests A-GPS data when GNSS is started for the first time or it determines that the existing data will soon be stale.
```

   err = nrf_modem_gnss_read(&agps_data, sizeof(agps_data), NRF_MODEM_GNSS_DATA_AGPS_REQ);

After reading the data successfully, the struct contains bitmasks ``sv_mask_ephe`` and ``sv_mask_alm``, which indicate the need for ephemerides and almanacs for each GPS satellite.
The ``data_flags`` member is a bitmask for other A-GPS data.

To prevent triggering assistance data download too often, GNSS sends the :c:data:`NRF_MODEM_GNSS_EVT_AGPS_REQ` event at most once an hour.

A-GPS data expiry query
-----------------------

You can use the :c:func:`nrf_modem_gnss_agps_expiry_get` function to query assistance data need at any time.

The assistance data need can be read like this:

.. code-block:: c

   struct nrf_modem_gnss_agps_expiry agps_expiry;

   err = nrf_modem_gnss_agps_expiry_get(&agps_expiry);

After reading the data successfully, the struct contains expiration times for different types of assistance data.

> ``ephe_expiry`` and ``alm_expiry`` arrays contain ephemeris and almanac expiration times for each GPS satellite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``ephe_expiry`` and ``alm_expiry`` arrays contain ephemeris and almanac expiration times for each GPS satellite.
```

> The struct also contains expiration times for example for Klobuchar ionospheric corrections and satellite integrity assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The struct also contains expiration times, for example, for Klobuchar ionospheric corrections and satellite integrity assistance.
```
